<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:s="http://jboss.com/products/seam/taglib"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
<body>
    <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="topnav">
            <ui:include src="/WEB-INF/incl/store_nav.xhtml">
                <ui:param name="page" value="home" />
            </ui:include>
        </ui:define> 
           
        <ui:define name="sidebar">
            <ui:include src="/WEB-INF/incl/login.xhtml" />
        </ui:define>
        
        <ui:define name="body">
            <h1>Welcome to the Furniture Store</h1>
            
            <p>
                Welcome to the Mobicents Furniture Store Demo.  The Furniture Store is a simple storefront
                application written using the latest JBoss technologies: EJB3, Seam and jBPM.
            </p>

            <h2>How to use the Furniture Store</h2>
            <p>
                You can enter the store immediately by clicking on
                the shopping link below. However, in order to complete
                a purchase, you'll need to first log in as a customer.
                There are 5 customer accounts: <b>user1</b> through
                <b>user5</b> (with password <b>password</b>).  You can
                login using any of the customer accounts or create
                your own customer account to browse the DVD Store and
                make purchases.  Once an order is submitted, you can
                check the status of the order from the <em>My
                Orders</em> screen.  When the order is fulfilled by
                the store manager, the status of the order will be
                updated.
            </p>

            <p>
                When a customer places an order, the application
                starts a jBPM order management process.  Depending on
                the version of the process deployed, the store manager
                (username <b>manager</b>, password <b>password</b>)
                will be presented with different fulfilment options.
            </p> 


            <s:button view="/browse.xhtml" value="Start Shopping" />

        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition> 
</body> 
</html>
